feat: update config for damocles manager (#32)
ipfs-force-community/sophon-docs: docs/operation/join-a-cs.md

### damocles-manager configurations

> Tailor `~/.damocles-manager/sector-manager.cfg` to your own hardware. Detailed instructions on each configurations could be found [here](/zh/cluster/damocles-manager).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tailor `~/.damocles-manager/sector-manager.cfg` to your own hardware. Detailed instructions on each configurations could be found [here](https://damocles.venus-fil.io/operation/damocles-manager-config.html).
```

```toml
[Common]
  [Common.API]
  # Gateway service infos, required, string type
  # Fill in according to the actual situation of the service used

>   # For each one contained, if the item is valid as a token-included-info-string ("{token}:{multiaddr}"), the token included would be used to construct the rpc client instead of the common token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # If a token is supplied in the format of "{token}:{multiaddr}", then the token supplied would be used to construct the RPC client instead of the common token generated by sophon-auth from Token configuration item.
```

  Gateway = ["/ip4/{api_host}/tcp/{api_port}"]

  # common token for services, required, string type
  # Fill in according to the actual situation of the service used
  Token = "{some token}"

  # Chain service info, optional, string type
  # Fill in according to the actual situation of the service used

>   # If the field is valid as a token-included-info-string ("{token}:{multiaddr}"), the token included would be used to construct the rpc client instead of the common token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # If a token is supplied in the format of "{token}:{multiaddr}", then the token supplied would be used to construct the RPC client instead of the common token generated by sophon-auth from Token configuration item.
```

  # If not set, use value of Gateway as default 
  Chain = "/ip4/{api_host}/tcp/{api_port}"

  # Message service info, optional, string type
  # Fill in according to the actual situation of the service used

>   # If the field is valid as a token-included-info-string ("{token}:{multiaddr}"), the token included would be used to construct the rpc client instead of the common token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # If a token is supplied in the format of "{token}:{multiaddr}", then the token supplied would be used to construct the RPC client instead of the common token generated by sophon-auth from Token configuration item.
```

  # If not set, use value of Gateway as default 
  Messager = "/ip4/{api_host}/tcp/{api_port}"

  # Market service info, optional, string type
  # Fill in according to the actual situation of the service used

>   # If the field is valid as a token-included-info-string ("{token}:{multiaddr}"), the token included would be used to construct the rpc client instead of the common token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # If a token is supplied in the format of "{token}:{multiaddr}", then the token supplied would be used to construct the RPC client instead of the common token generated by sophon-auth from Token configuration item.
```

$ ./dist/bin/damocles-worker store file-init -l <dir1>
```

> Plan CPU cores, numa, etc for eahc sealing tasks and tailor your configuration file to it. The following is an example configuration for `damocles-worker`. More detailed instructions on each configurations could be found [here](/zh/cluster/damocles-worker-c)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plan CPU cores, numa, etc for eahc sealing tasks and tailor your configuration file to it. The following is an example configuration for `damocles-worker`. More detailed instructions on each configurations could be found [here](https://damocles.venus-fil.io/operation/damocles-worker-config.html)
```
